What:
I want an application that lets me click one button and get a url I can share 
with one or more people to immediately create a group conversation. This would
make it SO MUCH EASIER to communicate in situations where one person knows
something that another person needs, e.g "oh yeah my friend knows that really
well/my friend's son can give a rec for that". Pls stop the telephone. pls.

How:
I'm a js dude, so that. Several of that.


Data flow:
I'm torn on this, not sure the "right"/a good way to do it. Thinking mongo
to make it really easy to sync w/ server..

client visits homepage -> server sends homepage
click start chat button on homepage -> client hits endpoint to create a chat
and gets back the id of the chat, then opens the message pane for that chat

client opens chat -> ...
  see here's the crux, the actual good fancy way would be storing the
  conversation in browser storage and sending the most recent message the client
  knows about and only getting the messages it doesn't know about
    - actually the fancy fancy way would be pagination so we don't get more than
    necessary 
  
  So ideally:
  Client sends the most recent message it knows about, server sends a number of
  messages after that message (if they exist) and when needed the client goes
  and gets more. At the same time, the client sends... I guess websockets since
  it's a realtime chat? The client has a socket connection to the server
  (Session based on chat where the server sends any new messages immediately ->
  they get stored in browser storage along with the rest of them)

What's the mvp then?
  click button -> get chat pane that makes server requests based on the url
  chat client opens a socket connection with the server and gets EVERY
  message in the chat so far, then waits to get new messages. User picks a name,
  and if any message was sent by that id we show the message as sent by that
  user. messages sorted by date, show cute little timestamps, etc. etc.






share with a b